espfit/data/qcdata/README.md, before:

# Small qc dataset for test and debug purposes


## Manifest
- `openff-toolkit-0.10.6`: dgl graphs saved with openff-toolkit `0.10.6`  
    - `dgl1/`: Small dgl graph datasets converted from HDF5 downloaded from [Zenodo](https://zenodo.org/records/8148817) with precomputed AM1-BCC ELF10 partial charges using OpenEye Toolkits.
        - `protein-torsion-sm/`: 
            - Copied from `/home/takabak/data/exploring-rna/refit-espaloma/openff-default/01-create-dataset/TorsionDriveDataset/protein-torsion/data`
    - `dgl2/`: Small dgl graph datasets before filtering with pre-computed baseline force field energies and forces. These datasets are one before the preprocessed dataset uploaded in [Zenodo](https://zenodo.org/records/8150601).
        - `protein-torsion-sm/`:  
            - Copied from `/home/takabak/data/exploring-rna/refit-espaloma/openff-default/02-train/merge-data/openff-2.0.0/protein-torsion`
        - `gen2-torsion-sm/`:  
            - Copied from `/home/takabak/data/exploring-rna/refit-espaloma/openff-default/02-train/merge-data/openff-2.0.0/gen2-torsion`
        - `rna-diverse-sm/`:  
            - Copied from `/home/takabak/data/exploring-rna/refit-espaloma/openff-default/02-train/merge-data/openff-2.0.0/rna-diverse`

## Dependencies
openff-toolkit `0.10.6` (<0.11.0) required to load and manipulate dgl graphs

## Note
All dgl graphs were processed with openff-toolkit `0.10.6` which is incompatible with versions > `0.11.0`.

Commit message:

update README.md in espfit/data/qcdata

espfit/data/qcdata/README.md, after:

# Small qc dataset for test and debug purposes


## Manifest
- `openff-toolkit-0.10.6`: dgl graphs saved with openff-toolkit `0.10.6`  
    - `dgl1/`: Small dgl graph datasets converted from HDF5 downloaded from [Zenodo](https://zenodo.org/records/8148817) with precomputed AM1-BCC ELF10 partial charges using OpenEye Toolkits.
        - `protein-torsion-sm/`: 
            - Copied from `/home/takabak/data/exploring-rna/refit-espaloma/openff-default/01-create-dataset/TorsionDriveDataset/protein-torsion/data`
    - `dgl2/`: Small dgl graph datasets with pre-computed baseline force field energies,forces, as well as the relative energies but without applying any high energy and conformer filtering. 
               These datasets are one step before the preprocessed dataset uploaded in [Zenodo](https://zenodo.org/records/8150601).
        - `protein-torsion-sm/`:  
            - Copied from `/home/takabak/data/exploring-rna/refit-espaloma/openff-default/02-train/merge-data/openff-2.0.0/protein-torsion`
        - `gen2-torsion-sm/`:  
            - Copied from `/home/takabak/data/exploring-rna/refit-espaloma/openff-default/02-train/merge-data/openff-2.0.0/gen2-torsion`
        - `rna-diverse-sm/`:  
            - Copied from `/home/takabak/data/exploring-rna/refit-espaloma/openff-default/02-train/merge-data/openff-2.0.0/rna-diverse`


## Dependencies
- openff-toolkit `0.10.6` (<0.11.0) required to load `mol.json`, which is required to manipulate dgl graphs
- Alternatively, use a [modified version](https://github.com/kntkb/openff-toolkit/tree/v0.14.5
) of openff-toolkit `0.11.5` to load data generated by older versions of openff-toolkit (<0.11.0) 


## Note
All dgl graphs were processed with openff-toolkit `0.10.6` which is incompatible with versions > `0.11.0`.
